[main]
host = http://www.transifex.net

[glib-reference-manual.docs-buildingpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_file = tmp/xmlpot/building.pot
source_lang = en
trans.zh_CN = xmlpo/building.po

[glib-reference-manual.docs-changespot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_file = tmp/xmlpot/changes.pot
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-compilingpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-crosspot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_file = tmp/xmlpot/cross.pot
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-glib-docspot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_file = tmp/xmlpot/glib-docs.pot
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-gvariant-varargspot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_file = tmp/xmlpot/gvariant-varargs.pot
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-regex-syntaxpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-resourcespot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-runningpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gallocapot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.garraypot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gasyncqueuepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gatomicpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gbase64pot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gbitlockpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gbookmarkfilepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gcachepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gchecksumpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gcompletionpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gconvertpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gdatasetpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gdatepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gdatetimepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gdirpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gerrorpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gfileutilspot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.ghashpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.ghostutilspot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.giochannelpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.giounixpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.giowin32pot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-glib-gettextizepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-gtesterpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-gtester-reportpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gkeyfilepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.glistpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gmainpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gmappedfilepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gmarkuppot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gmempot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gmessagespot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gnodepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.goptionpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gpatternpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gpollpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gprintfpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gqsortpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gqueuepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.grandpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gregexpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.grelpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gsequencepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gshellpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gslistpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.docs-gvariant-textpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gspawnpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gstdiopot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gstrfuncspot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gstringpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gtestutilspot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gthreadpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gthreadpoolpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gtimerpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gtimezonepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gtreepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gtypespot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gunibreakpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gunicollatepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gunidecomppot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.guniproppot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gurifuncspot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gutf8pot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gutilspot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gvariantpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gvariant-corepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gvariant-parserpot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gvarianttypepot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

[glib-reference-manual.gwin32pot]
host = https://www.transifex.net
source_lang = en

